First priority:
Not all walls should be climbable! Do this with separate tilemap!
Objects that can be pushed
Levers that can be toggled, should affect the level

Puzzle ideas:
Navigate the boomerang by using teleports. Player enters teleports to make the boomerang follow it.
	
Boomerang ideas:
Push boomerang, can push things
Pull boomerang, can pull things
Freeze boomerang, can create ice blocks on water
Cling boomerang, can be walked on after it gets stuck
Hookshot boomerang, what it sounds like :)
Bounce boomerang, bounces on surfaces.
Maybe single use boomerangs, that can be used mid-air when collected, like Celeste extra jumps.
Try add a chain with joint2d?

Secondary:

Surfaces that the boomerang bounce off of and get redirected.
Floor with spikes that appear 1 sec after player steps on it
Add a little cape to the player, that is physical with Joint2D
Dashing into the floor could cause a new, more powerful dash. This is Celeste though.
Jump buffer (jumping just before hitting ground should cause a jump when hitting jump)
Areas with different gravity (which could be explained by wind for example)
Rain particle effect
Knife pendulum
Something that shoots out stuff
Moving circular saw
Platforms that appear and disappear on a timer, like Megaman.

Need some environmental stuff that affects movement, not just causes death.

DONE
Chest that can be opened, with nice animation when you receive the item/skill.
Add sounds to boomerang
Boomerang!
Particle effect when jumping, double jumping and landing
Add raycast that is smaller than collision, if distance=0 in both x-directions, player was squashed!
Getting squished between two things should kill the player.
Particle effect when running, jumping and landing
Smoke particle effect
Dash move
Moving platforms
Low-pass filter on all but SFX bus when death animation is running
wall slide by player, by pressing down. while sliding, pause wall grab counter.
Jump pads / bumpers
NPC:s with dialog
Clamp death teleportation time, minimum 1 sec, maximum 3 sec?
Flying "enemies" that you can jump and bounce off of.
Need to separate coyote time from ground and from wall.
One-way platforms (can jump up through it)
